[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[usdx.texts]
source_file = game/languages/English.ini
source_lang = en
trans.ca = game/languages/Catalan.ini
trans.zh = game/languages/Chinese.ini
trans.hr = game/languages/Croatian.ini
trans.cs = game/languages/Czech.ini
trans.da = game/languages/Danish.ini
trans.nl = game/languages/Dutch.ini
trans.eu = game/languages/Euskara.ini
trans.fi = game/languages/Finnish.ini
trans.fr = game/languages/French.ini
trans.gl = game/languages/Galician.ini
trans.de = game/languages/German.ini
trans.el = game/languages/Greek.ini
trans.hu = game/languages/Hungarian.ini
trans.is = game/languages/Icelandic.ini
trans.it = game/languages/Italian.ini
trans.ja = game/languages/Japanese.ini
trans.lb = game/languages/Luxembourgish.ini
trans.no = game/languages/Norwegian.ini
trans.pl = game/languages/Polish.ini
trans.pt = game/languages/Portuguese.ini
trans.ru = game/languages/Russian.ini
trans.sr = game/languages/Serbian.ini
trans.sk = game/languages/Slovak.ini
trans.sl = game/languages/Slovenian.ini
trans.es = game/languages/Spanish.ini
trans.sv = game/languages/Swedish.ini
type = INI

